I stopped by during their grand opening. The service was a little bit slow but hopefully this gets better once the staff have more experience.

I tried...I have to bump Meet Fresh down. Although this is a Franchise. Their marketing is not the same. They never have specials like the other stores.

 Also, the...Stopped by here for a snack and this place was a treat! The vibe of their store front is very open and welcoming. It looks a bit small from the outside but...
I stopped by during their grand opening. The service was a little bit slow but hopefully this gets better once the staff have more experience.

I tried...I have to bump Meet Fresh down. Although this is a Franchise. Their marketing is not the same. They never have specials like the other stores.

 Also, the...Stopped by here for a snack and this place was a treat! The vibe of their store front is very open and welcoming. It looks a bit small from the outside but...
We came here today to get dessert around 230pm and ordered 2 items:
1) red bean soup - the Mochi in here is good! Husband enjoyed it 
2) pudding and q Mochi...If you haven't had Meet Fresh, you're missing out! 

They serve refreshing desserts that don't leave you feeling heavy and regretful walking out the door! I...Absolutely busy location. Saturday night after dinner crowd and all of the young people plus families seem to be out for a sweet treat.
I'm honestly dry...
I love coming to Meet Fresh whenever I am at Westfield Santa Anita Mall, and my wife is always a huge fan of the chain.

We saw that Meet Fresh had a deal...Couple weekends ago, I got a chance to try Meet Fresh. Luckily the line wasn't too long. I ordered a few of their signature desserts.

1. Hot Red Bean Soup...Their business hours are inaccurate and ended up wasting my time and gas.

Yelp, Google, and their own internal Meet Fresh app all state they close at...
Went in 9:40ish looking to order the valentines special of ube and taro paste signature and a boba drink. After waiting a long time in line, we were told we...Time for some dessert after dinner! Located in a small plaza, there are plenty of other options to choose from, but Meet Fresh is what I was craving...I love coming to meet fresh for their traditional Taiwanese style shaved ice and grass jelly. I normally get the signature grass jelly that comes with taro...
Looooove me some Meet Fresh!! Since covid yet have taken all the precautionary measures to ensure patrons feel safe. I appreciate that. 

Sitting here...I've had meet fresh in Bay Area and it's ALWAYS PACKED there. I like that this place is ready to order immediately. And the desserts are still the same...."Hello, hello -- excuse me?!" Those were the first words we were greeted with as we attempted to use the self-checkout kiosk on Saturday night. A guy...
2022.04.06 Thursday 6:30 pm

Plenty of parking on this 90+ degree day
No line!

I was briskly greeted "Welcome!" upon entry and invited to order. I decided...I used to like their desserts pre-pandemic. The servings used to be generous and nice to look at in terms of arrangement of ingredients. We gave it a few...This place offers the best variety of grass jelly desserts. 

BUT they work like flash from Zootopia. So slow that the line is insanely long for no reason....
I personally had a pleasant experience here, but I obviously can't speak for others. Not sure why the ratings are low!

I came on a Saturday afternoon and...This message is for the owner: if you want to keep a good reputation, then you need to stop being cheap, start hire a part time cleaner to clean those...Great food but worst service. We were leaving and out of the door, but were yelled back by the waiter to clear the table. SHOCKED FACE!!!!! In fact, we had...
Meet fresh is definitely a new staple of Westwood! Authentic boba and great milk shaved ice desserts -- I always recommend it to anyone looking for a cool...My club at USC(Taiwanese American Organization) had to do take out from Meet Fresh. I reached out to the store before hand, Kevin(awesome guy), who referred...Horrible services. I placed an order for the first time, today, using yelp delivery app. The system shows delivered, so I when everywhere in my office...
I was out by the area and found this shop! I ordered an Icy Taro Ball (I think) and it was my first time! It was really good; not too sweet and filling....INDOOR SEATING IS FINALLY BACK!!! Yes! No more trying to eat dessert outside in the cold. Very happy about this.

Due to the customizations I order, I do...They contacted me after my last review and was able to fix the problem of the missing taro balls. 
I really appreciate the manager reaching out and fixing...
My favorite thing here is the almond soup. Unfortunately it's seasonal. Only during the winter months. 

The other stuff I've tried here like the shaved ice...So having lived in Taiwan for a short time after college, I often reminisce about the amazing food and drinks I had there and will take any chance to find...TIP: order at their self serve kiosk and the service is alot faster. 

This is their newest location and its quite hidden compared to their Mira Mesa...
(FOOD)
A lot of the low reviews are due to slow service which I understand. They can get pretty busy at peak hours. 

Regardless, I personally like this...They need to have better staff management and ordering system. Always have some issues with wrong items and super slow service. 

I was there on a Wednesday...Been here twice and there was always some issue.

First visit:
Granted it was New Year's Eve, but there didn't seem to be much organization. It was busy and...
We came here today to get dessert around 230pm and ordered 2 items:
1) red bean soup - the Mochi in here is good! Husband enjoyed it 
2) pudding and q Mochi...If you haven't had Meet Fresh, you're missing out! 

They serve refreshing desserts that don't leave you feeling heavy and regretful walking out the door! I...Absolutely busy location. Saturday night after dinner crowd and all of the young people plus families seem to be out for a sweet treat.
I'm honestly dry...
Yummyyyyyy! Went pretty late, and it was still hopping. You give your phone number when you order and they text you when it's ready. The dessert was ready...Long line at kiosk ordering area. A customer had been ordering at the counter when we first walked in, and one of us stood at the counter after them in the...It's my first time visiting meet fresh and I always see so many people in the store so I want to give a try. I ordered signature icy taro but wish I got the...
Stopped by on a Saturday to order my favorite drink: fluffy icy herbal tea with grass jelly! I arrived right when they open at 11am and there was 2 people...I tried new drink Ube. If you like taro (or the color) with fresh creamy milk tea - it's the one. 
I don't like they sometimes they use old boba as they're...I was excited to try this place for the first time and all I wanted were a taro egg waffle and chocolate egg waffle to go. I don't understand how it would...
This was my second time visiting Meet Fresh. I purchased the following "create your own" since the pre-designed bowls had toppings that I most likely...Went here on a Saturday night with my Buddy CJ. Man it was packed. I needed to get to the bottom of this.

I appreciate the ordering experience, which was...I've heard a lot about Meet Fresh a couple of years back, but never had the chance to try it until a couple of months back. 

My friend and I had ordered a...
I only recently discovered Taiwanese desserts. My go to is the hot almond soup with black sesame balls. It's such a perfect dessert during cold nights!

I...I once came here and did a kiosk order and then was charged but was not given a confirmation. When I spoke to the cashier they told me to call my credit...Meet Fresh has always been known for their wide range of delectable Taiwanese desserts but WOW, what a disappointment! We ordered the hot hot grass jelly,...
We happened to stumble across this Boba and Taiwan dessert shop. It looked inviting and we are always down to try new dessert/boba shops! I was Intrigued by...They are either rude or messed up our orders.  The store is also full of the clutters. ( very consistent with the Oakland Chinatown ) They really should do...If you order online, please double check your order before you go. They messed up my order twice already in the last 3 months. Recently, I ordered oolong...
Really glad Meet Fresh has opened in our neighborhood. I've only had their desserts twice at different locations, and on Lunar New Year, thought it would be...New favorite spot. The double taro signature was yummy. The egg matcha waffle was tasty and the red bean soup was divine. 

We will be back for the drinks...So happy they opened a Meet Fresh near home! 

I came in 20 mins before closing and was not greeted nor was there anyone waiting in line. I asked the worker...
This Meet Fresh location is super spacious, clean, and perfect for group hangouts. 

I'm glad we decided to order a M instead of L mango shaved ice because...My friend and I ordered the Mango Shaved Ice. 

Much to our dismay, there were not any condensed milk included in the dessert and the ice was rly large!...Took 40 minutes to get our order. 

We ordered the mango berry shaved ice and the black sugar milk tea. Shaved ice was okay. 

Anyways, none of it was worth...
Never been to this location before and it seems new and very clean! 

They have indoor and outdoor seating. 

Also have a kiosk where you can order and pay...Tried the ube flavored waffle and winter melon tea.  

First of all, on a quite Sunday afternoon, the cashier refused to take orders, they redirected you to...Really bad service. Avoid till they fix!!!

- Ordered 5 pcs only got 4, only noticed when we got back home. Called and they will credit the missing grass...
After lunch at a nearby restaurant, my friends and I stopped at MeetFresh for dessert! The restaurant was clean and service was friendly, though a little...Yay!!!

Both Meet Fresh and Top Tea were on my list to try.

I walked into Top Tea and just didn't love the vibe and the menu didn't immediately pique my...Great selection of unique desserts and teas. If you want to try something unusual this is the place for you. 

I tried the Winter Melon Tea and the Taro...
Great treats
Sweet candy
Delicious flavor 
Quick time
No line
Good customer service
Beautiful trees for Christmas spiritThis place is never ready for business. Seems like everytime I go during their hours of operation their doors aren't open. Then when I do make it in they...Super delish boba - bubble tea bar.  Super large menu with something for everyone, including snacks.  Ask for a puppy or a bear on your bubble tea!  Will...
Man oh Man!

When I say this blew my mind, I mean it BLEW MY MIND!

I've been craving this ever since I saw them across my Instagram feed and it did not...After dinner at the food court
my friend suggested Jejubing.
for dessert. Never been there before, I said yes lets try it. My wife and I shared the...I've been here three times, wanting to share this place with friends and family. Warning #1: Watch your time if planning to come for dessert after having...
I ordered a Brown Sugar Boba Milk Tea from here and it tasted really good! The tapioca boba was really nice and had rich flavor. I didn't have any issue...Came here and the entire restaurant felt abandoned and unkempt. Stood by the register for 5 minutes until one of the patrons came and helped. Kudos to her,...Where do I begin...
First the pile of boxes/personal stuff in the corner of the cafe taking up like 5 tables is a huge eyesore and super uninviting. It's...
Really cute spot in a row of cute spots near Chinatown.

I had the Q Mochi and  Almond Pudding and split a Matcha Waffle with a friend.

The almond pudding...Even in an empty restaurant at 3pm, be prepared to wait over 30 mins for a simple drink. Staff doesn't seem to care about anyone besides hanging out...Standard Meet Fresh, but it's bit out of the way from the hustle and bustle of the Chinatown.  You would need to know its there or go out of the way to find...
Finally got to try meet fresh!! I was so excited that they finally opened and it definitely did not disappoint. 

The store front is right in the middle of...I've been waiting for this location to open for the longest time, as have many people. I'd say it was okay and worth a try, but not a place I was super...After taking almost 3 years, MeetFresh has finally opened to the delight of every Asian dessert fan in Boston. The icy taro ball signature and icy grass...
This was DELICIOUS! We walked into the shop to place our order (masks required, of course!). They have menus that you can reference- we ended up getting the...Meet Fresh is a chain that started in Taiwan and they have many locations in CA. I was so excited to learn this because you know a place is a good when CA...This is a fun and interesting place to come for dessert. We came in on Memorial Day because we needed a snack before driving home and the place was actually...
I hate that a place like this isn't closer to the New Baltimore area! We've been duped. 
This is in the same strip as Not Just Noodle; we went and ordered a...Yumm!! They have delicious desserts, bubble tea, and much more!
The only thing I'm not a fan of is the grass jelly (it tasted more slimy as opposed to what...Wow SOOO yummy. Once I saw the QMochi and Pudding one, I knew I had to try it - and I'm so glad I did! The milk shave ice is so delicious.

It was sweet but...
Everything is a delightful treat in this place.

My ultimate favorite would be the Macha Deluxe. You get the egg waffle, mochi and vanilla ice cream in one...We went to try their Taiwanese style desserts. 

I ordered  Matcha Waffle and Ube Pudding and Mochi hot soup dessert.

This place is busy on a weekday...I grew up eating Meet Fresh in Taiwan, so when I found out there are Meet Fresh locations in NJ/NY, I could not be happier.

The Edison Meet Fresh is in a...
I'm ecstatic that Meet Fresh opened in the area. It tastes great like the other locations. I typically like the tofu with peanut (can adjust sugar) and the...I have been eyeing this place forever since it opened. I've been to their Manhattan location multiple times so already had a predetermined expectation of...One of my favorite dessert shops! This is a chain from Taiwan and they expended to a few shops in the US. This one is located on the ground floor near the...
I am so new to various asian desserts so I settled for a milk tea and hung out here while waiting for a friend for dinner. I like that there was seating and...Meet Fresh Ratings: 4.1/5 

Food: 4.5/5 - We created out own Icy Grass Jelly Bowl, with additional two toppings. We always get the same thing, because it's...I found this place on social media and have been dying to try it out. The desserts did not disappoint. They are located in the East Village and a little bit...
They never have strawberry or mango shaved ice. They said their brown sugar shaved ice was gonna take thirty minutes so I ended up not getting it. Instead,...The shaved ice was veeery very icy and it was just a lump of ice with artificial flavor syrups on top.... which is what shaved ice is actually supposed to...NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN!!! 
I ordered the desserts at 7:40PM and the ladies gave the items to a group of four people who ordered after me their order FIRST....
If I pass by a Meet Fresh, I always stop by. I absolutely love their desserts because they are never too sweet. They are also very filling with the mochi...BLUF: Meet Fresh is a chain known for Taiwanese-style herbal jelly desserts; and is a good place for those looking for an introduction to this relatively...1st time here & I love the bubble tea ($6 or $7) I got. The size was bigger than I expected. It had boba & lychee jelly. I got no ice & half sugar. Only...
10 years ago, LIC was just deli's, bad pizza shops, a couple of Italian restaurants and maybe one Chinese takeout spot. 

Today, the neighborhood is flush...I first had meet fresh in Salt Lake City Utah of all places, but it was really good! I decided to come all the way out to Queens to try it. I think it was...After my last review, someone kindly reached out to me on Yelp and asked me to come back on them. This is the marker of a business that truly cares about...
This place is super authentic!

If you're looking for Taiwanese shaved ice, this is the place. I've been to their locations all across the US and in Taiwan....The authenticity!! 

This experience exceeded all my expectations and all my desert dreams. 

The shaved ice desert was phenomenal. It was also...I love MeetFresh! The Pudding & Q Mochi Milk Shaved Ice was amazing and HUGE! My husband and I split it, and we have large appetites. The mango shaved ice...
Great place for Japanese matcha soft ice cream and shaved ice!!!!! So good definitely should goUbe, I'm leaving, I must be on my way
Summer is drawing near
Season is going, I see it in soft serve
Styx can dry your tears
Dirty Matcha without you
And...Wife wanted something sweet as we were venturing in SE Portland. We remembered Cafe Maiko opened up in Portland and wanted to see if it was the same quality...
Delicious taro ball‼ Honestly, I used to be a boba fan for the last 10 years until I discovered these. Perfectly chewy, soft, but mooshy at the same....Been to the one California, Chicago and twice now in Plano. 

Really want to support another great Taiwanese business like that of 85 degrees bakery....We went here for Taiwan dessert. My brother and his girlfriend was raving about this place and we finally go to go.  If you check in, you get 10% off by the...
Definitely a great treat after lunch, delicious cold and sweet and I love the chewy taro balls and the cream they use with the grass jelly.Long story short, a busy Saturday night. 
I came in with a group of my friends, a middle-aged lady took my order, who was so rude and careless. I understand...Not too satisfied w/ the service and the boba strawberry slush I ordered was not what I expected. It was pretty crowded when I walked in and ordered my...
Came here on a Saturday night after dinner time for dessert. 

Environment: bustling. Lots of people and not a lot of empty spaces to sit down. There are...Always love meet fresh desserts! Stopped by with a friend on a Saturday afternoon. Inside was pretty busy but they are fast! We ordered and our bowl was...I like to rap on Yelp, and I always keep my BEAT FRESH
I like to push the boundaries, and hope they don't DELETE FRESH
I like to think in January I'll get...
Great treats! I'm glad they opened one in Utah. They have tasty drinks and wonderful puddings. A great dessert place for me and my girlfriend, as I'm...Meet Fresh is always a refreshing treat, regardless of whether it's hot or cold outside. They have a nice variety of drinks and desserts to satisfy a...I'm not going to lie, I was quite surprised by the amount of Asian food in Salt Lake City. I was even more surprised when I found out that there was a Meet...
There's so many different icy jelly dessert places around Seattle but I have to say that MeetFresh is the best one! I just wish they were a little closer to...I had to go to the Dr. so I preordered shaved ice at 12:15 to pick up after Meet Fresh is open. Time I suppose to pick up was 1:30-1:50. I arrived at 1:31,...What I seriously don't understand why this place only has 3.5 stars! WE LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH! We always get the Mochi Milk Shaved Ice. We always say...
What a gem!

Passed by here out of coincidence of searching for restroom! We got locked out of Sears otherwise we wouldn't even have passed by. Checked...Ambience. A
Service. A
Food/ drink. A
Price.  A

Self service monitors and full wall tablets to enter order.  Cool.  

Don't really deal with staff unless...We were I the area and decided to walk the expansive Westfield Southcenter Mall. 

We were checking out the boba spots and decided to give Meet Fresh a try....
